docs: Update README with TYPO3-specific instructions (#62)
ddev/ddev-browsersync: README.md

This error usually occurs when the watcher server is not running.
Run `ddev browsersync` to start the server.

### Typo3 No site configuration found / 404 Error

> Solution: base url in config.yaml should be always http even if the frontend run over https

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solution: The base URL (`base` in the TYPO3 site's `config.yaml` (like `config/sites/main/config.yaml` should specify `http` even though the frontend is configured for `https`. This can also be solved by commenting out the default `base` line.
```

Author: @rfay I agree , thank you!
